[THEME MUSIC]
>>GEORGE NOORY: Welcome
to "Beyond Belief."
Bonni McCliss with us, an
intuitive Akashic psychic
and a hypnotherapist.
Now, she utilizes
the Akashic records
to help others transcend
their limiting belief.
You're one of a kind, Bonni.
Welcome to the program.
>>BONNI MCCLISS: Thank you.
Thank you so much
for having me back.
I'm excited to be here.
>>NOORY: Well, we had
a lot of great response
on your first visit.
They said, bring her back.
Bring her back.
>>MCCLISS: I think
people were just
ready to hear how to evolve.
We're ready.
This is our time.
>>NOORY: What got you
into this metamorphosis
to evolve the way you have?
>>MCCLISS: Oh, my goodness.
I didn't have a fighting chance.
As a little girl,
out the gate, I
was communicating
with other beings,
hearing all of these
dictations come over me right
from the beginning.
So I don't really
know anything any
different than being this way.
So I'm just doing
my best to continue
to be that vessel
and that channel
to bring through
tools and information
to help us move forward.
>>NOORY: Did your parents know
this was happening to you?
>>MCCLISS: They didn't
know what to think, George.
And that's fair.
It was a lot of just things
that nobody could explain.
A lot of it was just chalked
up to imaginary friends,
that kind of stuff.
And they became really
worried about me
as I grew up still talking.
>>NOORY: As they should when
they don't know what's going on.
>>MCCLISS: Especially
if you're talking to air
or having a full-blown
conversation.
People tend to fear what
they don't understand,
as we all know.
But yeah, it was a
rough road fighting
to keep this true nature alive.
And I've lost it a couple
of times along the way.
But what's your purpose
is your purpose.
And it's always going to call
you back one way or the other.
>>NOORY: But you got into it
in a big way now, haven't you?
>>MCCLISS: Yeah.
>>NOORY: The Akashic
Records, what are they?
>>MCCLISS: So the
Akashic Records to me,
it's such a great question,
because I think a lot of people
when they hear Akashic Records,
they think about this book
far off in the cosmos.
And that's not what it means.
That's not what it is alone.
It's more of a field
of consciousness,
an all pervading energy that's
everywhere you can even imagine.
So I like personally to think
about it as our other brain.
We have a physical
brain and cognition.
The Akashic Records
is our spiritual brain
and our map to all
that we've been
or who we could
be in the future.
>>NOORY: So who is transcribing
your record into the Akashic
Records?
>>MCCLISS: It's so many
different light beings, so
many future beings, so many
people informing the past.
I mean, it literally is
this collective database
of consciousness.
So that's the mother
lode question.
Who is the big informers?
I have a couple of ideas of
how this has really come to be.
But I think it's about each
person and their trajectory
and what they're here to do.
They tend to attract
or triangulate
with different
teachers, like I did.
Different astral beings that
have methodology and tools
for that person to carry
forward their souls.
>>NOORY: So does the Akashic
Records track everything
you've done in your life?
>>MCCLISS: Everything.
Everything, everything.
Everything, everywhere it
keeps as this database.
It's also like a big pattern.
And to me, there's always
patterns within patterns.
And, of course,
it's all connected.
So yeah, everything goes into
the cloud, the Akashic Records.
>>NOORY: Why do you think they
were created in the first place?
>>MCCLISS: I think
this is really
there are many different
levels of Akashic consciousness
or these Akashic Records.
Some people believe
that it's all mental,
so all thoughts and
actions or experiences
are loaded into this database.
But honestly, it's even
much more than that.
It's the map system
of how we are going
to evolve as a human species.
And I think it also carries
all of the information
for all sentient beings in
their track of evolution.
>>NOORY: I had heard that
the Akashic Records can
be used to heal too.
>>MCCLISS: They absolutely can.
And healing is a really
interesting point
for when we incarnate.
I think when it
comes to healing,
sometimes, we're suffering,
or we have disease,
or there's an imbalance
because we've lost our way.
We don't remember the
truth of who we are.
And so this disharmonic
state of consciousness
sets in creating
disease and suffering.
And the Akashic
Records can help us
to see where our blind spots
are, where we're creating
suffering that is needless.
And I also think
that some people
incarnate to go through
these types of sufferings.
It's written in
their records to have
disease or certain
awful events take place.
And again, the
Akashic Records can
help there too, because they
can inform the why, the depth,
the purpose to the pain.
And just that knowledge
alone, I think,
is very restoring to the
person walking through that.
>>NOORY: Do you read
the Akashic Records?
>>MCCLISS: I do.
>>NOORY: For everybody?
>>MCCLISS: For everyone.
>>NOORY: Hide my book.
>>MCCLISS: Hide your book.
[LAUGHS] It's a system of
a resonance and vibration.
So for me, I can hardly
help it sometimes
just by hearing sound currents,
different vibrational spectrums,
it brings forward imagery
and information, kind
of like we went through
the Dewey Decimal System
through sound, pulled your
card, and all this information
of karma and potential path just
comes up as an instinct of mine.
Many people can do this.
But yeah, I think it's
a human birthright
to be able to participate
with these Akashic Records.
I mean, that's the point.
It's not something that's
meant for just one or two
people or a smattering.
We're all supposed to live
in conscious connection
to these maps.
It doesn't have to be as hard
as we've had to go this far.
>>NOORY: Now, the records, of
course, talk about your past
and the things you've done.
Does it also look at the future?
>>MCCLISS: It does.
So we live in a
holographic universe,
and so infinite amounts of
timelines and parallel lives.
And every intention
and action that we take
creates these forks in the path.
And the Akashic Records accounts
for all of that, all of it.
So yes, it's known for all of
this information from the past,
but I think it's greater
usage maybe is to teach us
how to evolve going
forward, which
is a really interesting
thing to look at,
because if you take
the Akashic Records,
it exists in space, not time.
So when people are looking for
what did I do in my past lives,
a lot of time people
will see future lives
or different
timelines, and they're
confused while they're being
taken all over the place.
>>NOORY: How do people, Bonni,
access their own Akashic
Records?
>>MCCLISS: Honestly,
George, through intention,
through the will to
want to know more
about their soul's purpose and
the societal collective purpose.
So it starts with the
will to learn and to know.
And there are specific keys
or, I guess, you could say,
tools that you can
utilize to really,
really track your
own record system
and know what your
soul's purpose is.
>>NOORY: Interesting.
Now, there are special ways
to access your records?
>>MCCLISS: There are.
It's almost like
there are ways for you
to commit in your lifestyle.
There are things
for you to do or not
do that help you arrive in
some kind of harmonic synthesis
so that you're constantly
being engaged or dictated to
on this path of where
you're designed to go.
>>NOORY: Why is it so important
to access your records?
>>MCCLISS: At this
time and day and age,
we can't get by with just trying
to throw a dart at the board.
Everything we do
has to be radically
intentional and communicative
with these higher worlds,
or we're just going to
keep breeding more chaos.
So now is this time of
this phenomenal shift where
it's really the sign of
our times to stay connected
so that we know how
to proceed and how
to make the best
of this incarnation
and add to those
people around us.
I mean, it's really the
best tool in our toolbox.
>>NOORY: Now,
there are five keys
to access your records, right?
>>MCCLISS: Yes.
>>NOORY: How do
you get into that?
>>MCCLISS: Yes.
And these keys have
been given to me
over the course of the
past decade and a half.
And each one was given to me
to experience and feel out
so that I could learn it and
then, of course, teach it.
So the five keys to accessing
this Akashic consciousness map
system is one, learning
how to surrender and not
be attached to outcome,
because, a lot of times
we don't understand
what our soul is gaining
or what it's looking for in this
incarnated and purpose-driven
life.
So we have that reptilian
mind, that more localized brain
setting that has its
own plan, but our soul
has a different one.
So learning how to not attach
to outcome and surrender
is the first key that I
was told was necessary.
The next to really go
hand in hand and that's
retraining yourself
to be OK in stillness.
>>NOORY: What does that mean?
>>MCCLISS: To just sit still
for 30 seconds to a minute.
Because if you've ever tried
to sit perfectly still,
most people have almost
an anxiety reaction.
Yeah, they're just
that's not what society
has presented for us as a model
of how to evolve as being human.
They teach us to go,
go, go, go and have
these multitasked lifestyles.
And so we almost have
to indefinitely retrain
ourselves to bypass that more
baseline cognition through being
radically still, which will
lead us into the real mother
lode of connection points into
the ultimate present moment.
>>NOORY: That's number three?
>>MCCLISS: That is-- I
think we're on third.
That's number three.
>>NOORY: I'm keeping
track of you, Bonni.
>>MCCLISS: Good.
Being present in the
moment it opens a portal
into the Akashic records.
It allows you to
interact by communicating
with space and no longer time.
It allows you to track
whatever your experience is
more deeply, which is
really important to prepare
to hold the Akashic Records,
this kind of fascinating depth
training.
>>NOORY: What would
number four be?
>>MCCLISS: So four is
your intentionality.
And they don't just
say set an intention,
they say purify your
intention, meaning
get to the base of what
your soul is telling
you is your incarnated purpose.
Find what is really
driving your heart
instead of what you think
you need to do to survive.
So aligning with that
core purpose of your own
incarnated Akashic map system,
purifying your intention
for life at large.
And that will lead you to the
very last key that is sometimes
the scariest thing to do.
Once you're aligned and you're
clear with your purpose,
let go and allow your life
to take it from there.
They call this key the
nonmutation of nature.
And that means don't
get in your own way.
If you've set things in
motion, you don't understand--
>>NOORY: Because a lot of
people do get in their own way.
>>MCCLISS: They do.
That doesn't make sense why life
gives you these crazy twists
and turns that you
weren't really expecting.
So yeah, let go and
trust your life.
So if you can do
those five things,
you're practically
living in the heart
of an Akashic
consciousness essence.
>>NOORY: Now, why is it
important to access the records?
>>MCCLISS: Because of
where we're going, George.
Our whole solar system is
going through an upgrade.
We're evolving.
We're evolving fast.
We're also picking up
on different frequencies
coming off of Andromeda,
our neighboring galaxy.
So everything around
us is oscillating
faster and at different rates.
The magnetic field,
that's giving away.
The Earth's core
rotation is slowing down.
Our environment on Earth--
>>NOORY: That's
bizarre all by itself.
>>MCCLISS: All by itself.
We are going to have to resonate
our base human frequency
at an entirely
different rate of light
to continue to thrive and grow.
So that's why this is
such an important time
during this point on Earth.
>>NOORY: Do you call this
a shift in something?
>>MCCLISS: This is the shift.
Yeah, we are here for the shift.
If you are incarnated
at this time,
you are the warrior
chosen to participate
during Earth's greatest shift.
And I think even a better
word than the shift
would be something regarded
as the great return.
And what I'm being
told is that all
of our fragmented
pieces, anybody
we've ever been in any life,
all of the pains and karma
that we've amassed, all of our
talents and gifts, all of it
is closing in like an
accordion coming back.
All of you is coming
back to you at once,
which is creating a
lot of mental disturbia
in people, emotional
imbalances, confusion.
I mean, if you woke
up George tomorrow
and you were all that
you've ever been,
I mean, you'd probably feel
like you had some split
personalities going on there.
>>NOORY: I'm a Gemini anyway.
>>MCCLISS: Oh, well, you need to
be teaching us how to do this.
So I think if
that's happening, we
need to have ways to
integrate this process
and solve the greatest mystery
of our time, how to be whole.
>>NOORY: At what age should
you teach kids or people
your Akashic Records?
>>MCCLISS: From day 1.
>>NOORY: Really?
This is the human--
>>NOORY: As you did?
>>MCCLISS: Absolutely.
I think this is maybe the
biggest conspiracy of our time
is really dumbing down what
the human potential really is.
I mean, this is our birthright.
This is our oxygen and our
understanding, our life map,
and what we're here to do again,
individually and collectively.
So you can't start
too soon teaching
kids stillness and presence
and trust of their own life
and reversing the societal
message of perform
and go and go fast.
>>NOORY: Bonni, what are
ancient mystery schools?
>>MCCLISS: The ancient
mystery schools
knew all about the
Akashic Records.
And they also knew
about this thing
that we regard now
as the universal laws
or high laws of nature.
And this really goes hand
in hand of the things
that we need to
adapt and relearn.
It's in every single spiritual
sector and body of teachings,
from the Egyptians to the Greeks
to the hermetic philosophies
to the Mayans.
These mystery schools
taught these laws of nature.
And again, they knew how to
connect with this Akashic field.
And when they did
that, they were
able to bend energy and
resonance of the universe
to their will.
>>NOORY: What would you
do on a regular basis
to tune you up for
the Akashic Records?
>>MCCLISS: On a
regular basis, I would
start to go through
a detox of the mind.
>>NOORY: How do you do that?
>>MCCLISS: Catch
yourself when you're
in fear thinking or
rotational thinking,
really work to cultivate
a mindfulness practice.
Because until you move the
ego aside or the fear aside,
you can't co-create with these
high resonances of the universe
or these higher planes
of the Akashic field.
They can't coexist.
So as we start to
make room and move out
all of our internal baggage--
and George, that is
clearly a lot harder
than I'm making it sound.
And there's a lot of ways
to go about doing that.
But we can't skip that step
of presence and stillness
because it's like that old
aphorism, when the student is
ready, the teacher will appear.
And the god, so to speak,
or our higher beings
of light, higher
species are watching
for who among us has that
container ready to receive Intel
about how to move forward.
In fact, my astral
teachers talk about humans
coming into what they
regard as an avataric state,
much like you found
in the Egyptian times
this deification process
that they would speak of.
We're destined for that,
again, because the Earth
is shifting, again, like it
was thousands of years ago.
The veil is becoming
extremely thin,
and we have this resonance,
this field of energies
that we now can work with that
wasn't necessarily present to us
even 10 years ago.
So we need to know
how to ride that wave
and tap into that one
true universal signal.
>>NOORY: We all go
through a moment
of reflection of our lives,
what it could or should have.
>>MCCLISS: Yeah.
>>NOORY: Why did I do that?
Oh, my gosh.
How important is all of that
accessing for these records?
>>MCCLISS: I think
you need to go back
to that purification
of intention.
Again, a lot of our regret comes
from fear or shame or guilt,
which is natural
human experience.
But that is one of the
lowest resonant energy banks
that we have here on Earth.
It is unavoidable,
but it's not something
that we can hold simultaneously
through our ascension.
There's something that
the ancient beings
or ancient ancestors spoke
about called the ouroboros.
And--
>>NOORY: Are those the
laws of the universe?
>>MCCLISS: It's the
laws of the universe.
It's the snake eating its tail.
And you've seen it
in Egyptian archives
representing death,
birth, and renewal.
And you've seen it a lot with
the Mayan civilizations as well.
And it means a lot of things.
But one of the
greatest teachings
that is important
for us to understand
is they spoke and worked
on where we were going
to go as a future species.
So the Mayans were
sitting around talking
about our timeline
thousands of years
long after they're
going to be gone.
I mean, have you thought about
your grandchildren that will be
here in 20,000 years?
>>NOORY: Always.
Constantly.
>>MCCLISS: [LAUGHS]
Most people don't.
Their job was to
focus on the future.
Our job is to focus on
the past, to unearth
those ancient teachings
of the mystery school,
to unearth those
protocols of tapping
into the signals of nature.
And if you look
at it completely,
it's creating that
perfect centrifugal force
and that union of wisdom.
And we're co-collaborating
now as creators to be on time
as we hold each side of
the polarized forces.
So it is absolutely about
going back to our history.
>>NOORY: Bonni, these
ancient laws of the universe,
who made them?
>>MCCLISS: The jury's
out on that one, George.
Some people believe that it
was the hermetical philosophy,
Hermes.
Some people believe that
it goes all the way back
to the creator gods.
I think it's the consciousness
of the universe's itself.
>>NOORY: Are they calling us?
Come back, come back.
>>MCCLISS: They're
calling us to evolve.
They are calling us.
If you think about
it, it's interesting.
All of our neighboring galaxies
can't ascend without us.
It's kind of like a train, and
the engine trying to go forward,
and the caboose is just
really staggering behind.
They can only go as far as
we can progress and evolve.
And I think that's what
is creating so much
in the world of ET contact.
I mean, they have a lot at
stake for our evolving species.
And I think that's what's really
coming into light now as we
focus on our ancient ancestors.
>>NOORY: Are people
learning from this?
>>MCCLISS: They
don't have a choice.
I think we're learning
just through the field
this information is
in mass consciousness.
Everybody's picking up
on little pieces of this.
I think what's really the most
important focus of our time too
is to not get caught
up in polarization.
That happens to be
one of the laws.
The laws of polarity are
really at play right now.
And I think when we look
at this high universal law,
it's about integrating the
two hemispheres of ourselves,
maybe the masculine
or the feminine,
or the left or the
right brain, who knows?
But it's about this
internal integration
that we're really externalizing,
and you're seeing that happen in
develop in all kinds of war,
and political divide all over.
>>NOORY: Bonni, you're
a hypnotherapist.
What is that?
>>MCCLISS: That is
I'm a bit of a tour
guide for people in alternate
states of consciousness.
And it's really the hypnosis
is one of our greatest tools
that we have right now,
because essentially, it
takes us directly to
the Akashic Records
as we enter into these alternate
states of consciousness.
That alone--
>>NOORY: Directly?
>>MCCLISS: It takes us directly.
It's like a living portal
right into the maps themselves.
And again, through
your intentionality,
you can go forward and
backwards and high and sideways.
It's like a game of chess.
That alone is not enough
for this ascension program.
It gives you a glimpse.
It gives you a unit of space
and time and understanding.
But really it's about
our lifestyle shifts.
So hypnosis, getting
that kind of B12 shot
or that download of purpose,
along with introducing
a lifestyle change with
these universal laws
will keep you in
constant contact.
>>NOORY: Why does it
seem that hypnosis
works on people with vices
like stopping the smoke,
stopping the gamble,
and things like that?
It works, why?
>>MCCLISS: I think people that
come for hypnosis are truly
ready for their own healing.
I think they've done
the preliminary work
to ready themselves.
And when they reach
hypnosis, all you have to do
is tip them over
the edge, again,
bringing them into this
Akashic consciousness.
There's answers to where
the imbalance originated
to begin with.
And once you really, truly
see its origin and touch it,
it lets go.
It takes the blindfold
off of whatever
you've been struggling with.
And again, it also
can inform your map,
why you wrote this
into the script.
So knowledge is power.
And I think that's
the tool that people
that are in need for healing
seek out when they're ready for.
>>NOORY: Is it true that
somebody cannot be hypnotized
to do something they
don't want to do?
>>MCCLISS: Exactly.
You maintain your control.
Your soul's always
watching over you.
You're always in alignment with
that core truth and intention.
So nobody can
overthrow your power.
But again, I think it's a
relationship that was also
written in time that
you would come together
with this facilitator
and work through whatever
ties that bind you.
>>NOORY: What is the
strangest hypnotic regression
you've done where
even you went, whoa,
what have I tapped into here?
>>MCCLISS: I think the
strangest regressions
I've gotten into in
my career, definitely
people who have had ET contact.
That's a whole other
ballgame of hypnosis.
>>NOORY: Out of the blue?
>>MCCLISS: Out of the blue.
Sometimes they don't know
it, and they spontaneously
go back to memory.
I've had people start channeling
and through a regression
have other beings just
step in and step through,
and they're in full blown
channeling a message.
And really the key there is to
honor the space and maintain.
But it really puts the
light on hypnosis as a tool
to take a look and a glimpse
into future timelines
and access, again,
this archival baseline
of the Akashic consciousness.
>>NOORY: What have they said
about their ET relationships?
>>MCCLISS: In the regressions?
>>NOORY: Yes.
>>MCCLISS: One of the most
phenomenal regressions
I have done with a
woman who continued
to channel different species.
They had this
unanimous message--
and this was years ago--
that we better prepare.
And it wasn't a doom
and gloom message.
It was of an alignment
with the shift
that we better learn to harness
higher tools in our toolbox.
They would say things
like, shine your light.
Radiate it out.
Push it out with
great intentionality.
They also said that
over the coming years,
it will be harder
and harder to contact
certain beings from
neighboring galaxies
and that a lot of
our information
will have to come through
the resources of inner Earth
and those beings,
which I thought was
a pretty phenomenal statement.
But all of them
together agreed that we
are in an epoch that's
just about unprecedented.
>>NOORY: Are the results of
hypnosis permanent or temporary?
>>MCCLISS: So the results
of hypnosis are permanent.
And it's not necessarily
always a one and done.
You never know how
many sessions it
will take to remove whatever
is binding you or blocking you
or how many sessions
it will take
to contact your future self.
So it's extremely permanent.
And when you come back, you
don't feel different right away,
but in the coming
weeks, you start
to feel almost a little numb,
George, for a little while--
>>NOORY: Really?
>>NOORY: --because your
foundational structure--
I once did a hypnotic regression
for a celebrity singer,
a musician.
And her regression took
her back in this life
where she had a lot of trauma
and abuse from her parents.
And it was a very
successful regression.
She remembered all
of this information.
It came out in the
time that we shared.
>>NOORY: Was she emotional?
>>MCCLISS: Very, very emotional.
In hypnosis, we have
something called
abreactivity or abreaction,
where the body will
shake and jerk and gyrate.
>>NOORY: Do they cry?
>>MCCLISS: They cry.
Sometimes they will jolt
themselves out of hypnosis
depending on how
deep the pain runs.
And she was one
of those, George.
She definitely had a
lot of emoting, pain,
and she was really
happy with the results.
And she called me about
a week later saying,
I can't write music.
Put it back.
>>NOORY: I can't write?
>>MCCLISS: I can't write music.
I'm too calm.
You need to put it back.
And I thought that was
an extraordinary point.
I convinced her to
come back and let's
work on a new foundation
for her higher good.
But it really does that.
It takes away like an old
glove of your existence
and consciousness in some ways
and gives you opportunities
to reinvent yourself.
>>NOORY: Would you say,
Bonni, hypnosis accentuates
one's psychic ability?
>>MCCLISS: Hypnosis
definitely accentuates
one's psychic ability.
I don't know if it
even accentuates it,
but it moves the debris
away, the fear, the illusion,
the bindings to allow this
natural birthright of connection
to higher worlds,
the Akashic realms.
And all of that psychic stuff
is just a part of that toolbox.
>>NOORY: Have you
been hypnotized?
>>MCCLISS: So many
times, George.
>>NOORY: Who hypnotizes you?
>>MCCLISS: I went to
school about 16 years ago
to do this professionally.
I started when I
was 10 years old.
I found--
>>NOORY: That's remarkable.
>>MCCLISS: Well,
it was kind of one
of those lucky circumstances.
I was living in Nevada.
And I was of the generation
that your parents just
let you roam the streets and you
eventually came back for supper.
But I was walking out on
the streets of Nevada,
and I found a tape,
how to stop smoking.
And I came home, and I put
it in my tape recorder.
And I loved the guy's voice.
He just had this
droning quality.
He would just say,
go deeper and deeper.
And so I loved
that, so I thought
I would try it on my friends.
And I was like 10 or 11.
And my best
girlfriend came over,
and I said, hey, I
want to hypnotize you.
Lay down.
>>NOORY: At 10 years old?
>>MCCLISS: At 10 years old.
And we were just playing games.
And I just mimicked
not the smoking part
but the deeper and deeper.
I didn't know it
at the time, but I
was cultivating this resonance.
>>NOORY: Did you hypnotize her?
>>MCCLISS: I did.
She went all the
way back to age 2
where this poor
girl had witnessed
the suicide of her mother.
>>NOORY: Oh, god.
>>MCCLISS: But had blocked it
out, and no one had told her.
>>NOORY: At 2 years old?
>>MCCLISS: So she
was very emotional.
Her father was called
to come and pick her up.
They were very angry
at me and confused.
Again, story of my life.
And I was never allowed
to play with her again.
>>NOORY: You were 10 years
old when you did this?
>>MCCLISS: It could
have been 10, 11, 12.
It was in that bracket of age.
But I fell in love with
the process at that time.
>>NOORY: Well, you
knew it worked.
>>MCCLISS: It worked.
So I just kept at
it in my own way
until I was professionally
trained as a regressionist
and certified hypnotherapist.
And they used me as
their guinea pig,
which had a lot of
amazing experiences
so that I could know what
is possible in this realm
of altered states.
>>NOORY: Bonni, tell us some
of the strangest stories
you've heard?
>>MCCLISS: Ever, at large?
>>NOORY: Ever.
>>MCCLISS: My gosh.
George, that is so hard.
>>NOORY: That you can
say on this program.
>>MCCLISS: That I can--
[LAUGHS] I am an archive
of strange stories.
But I think the strangest
thing that has ever
ultimately happened
to me happened to me
on March 4 of 2020, where a
being you can call it, ET, you
can call it a light being walked
through the wall of my bedroom.
>>NOORY: Walked through
the wall of your bedroom?
>>MCCLISS: Walked through
the wall of my bedroom
and started discussing with
me the plight for humanity.
>>NOORY: Walking
in or walking out?
>>MCCLISS: It came right into my
bedroom in the middle of night.
I'd heard some kind of
primal scream, which
I know in ET
experiences often people
will hear a crash
or an explosion
when they're about
to have an encounter.
And this being walked right
through the side wall or right
through my bedroom wall after
I'd woken up to this primal,
it felt almost tribal scream.
And almost all at once--
it was through telepathic
communication--
was just giving me all of
these codes for humanity.
And George, this was about 11
days before COVID was really
on the Western Americans' mind.
And this being said,
there was going
to be a push of
terror on the planet.
And my first instinct
was, what a rude thing
to say about humanity.
I mean, we're trying.
And it went on to
say that we were
going to have to resonate
on different frequencies.
>>NOORY: But it was right.
>>MCCLISS: It was right.
It talked a lot about
Earth's chemical environment.
It said that we would be
experiencing something
it regarded as gamma
radiation and through the very
porous field of the ionosphere,
it would be affecting us.
It said that it would be
affecting the chemical table
almost as if it was creating
a secondary chemical
table at large, causing almost
like a proton to proton reaction
creating ionized radiation,
which all of that
is maybe above my head
on a science-based level.
But I thought it was really
interesting when COVID emerged,
that it was all of this focus
on not being able to breathe.
So it said a lot more
than that, but a lot of it
was focused on the shift
and environment of Earth
and how we're going to have
to resonate at a completely
different harmonic field.
>>NOORY: When you look
at your Akashic Records,
many of us in our lifetime
have done something
that we're not too proud of.
Can you erase that
from the book?
>>MCCLISS: There are no
accidents, not a single one.
And although your ego or
your fear or your shame
dictates to you that
something was bad or good,
it's all relevant.
>>NOORY: You can't
pretend it never happened.
>>MCCLISS: You can't.
It's beautiful.
>>NOORY: It is what it is.
>>MCCLISS: It's divine.
It's the human psyche that's
putting labels and judgments
on it.
It's actual experience was
bigger than we'll ever know.
So erasing anything
you've ever done.
We learn from things,
right, George?
We definitely gain traction.
>>NOORY: We're supposed to.
>>MCCLISS: We're
supposed to learn,
but we don't want to kick
the messenger either.
You really want to live
in this equanimity state
and this self-compassion
state, because if you don't
have self-compassion,
you can't give it
to the rest of the world.
So I wouldn't focus on erasing
anything but just building
on what you've learned.
>>NOORY: What has been one of
the most emotional things you've
done, either with a
client or yourself
by accessing the
Akashic Records?
>>MCCLISS: Some of the
most emotional experiences
I have ever had is
hitting these field lines
of ancient philosophy
and information,
working and unpacking
philosophies of the Shinto
or philosophies of
ancient hermetics
or reading the Emerald Tablets.
It's emotional for me because
I have a simultaneous memory
of all of this being true.
A loss and a grieving that
it's not here for everyone.
And it's just this
space of disconnect.
And I'm so emotional,
especially when
I see on television and media.
All of this fear
being projected.
It's rampant.
And it's literally the
cancer of our time.
It's the real epidemic,
especially through television
and media, because it's
going into that theta
state, that hypnotic
state of our being.
And I'm so emotional
about it and empowered
to continue to create
conscious media and teachings
because yeah, it's what we
need more than anything,
the eradication of fear.
>>NOORY: The Akashic Records,
it's an incredible book,
isn't it?
>>MCCLISS: It's everything
you could ever need and more.
>>NOORY: Why is detox so
important to our evolution right
now?
>>MCCLISS: Detoxing is so
important in all of the ways,
mind, body, and spirit.
I think our biggest
issue is going
to be the mental crisis,
our emotional health.
And we're going to have to
really cultivate whatever it
means to us in emotional reset.
One of the ways that you can
go about doing that, believe it
or not, George, is
creating sound currents
and being intentional
like mantras.
There is an ancient mystery
school teaching as well--
>>NOORY: Mantras work,
>>MCCLISS: --going over mantra.
And what most people
don't know about mantra is
every time you speak
this in your own mind
or with your own
vocal cords, you
are harmonizing with the
resonance of anyone who's ever
spoken that mantra before you.
So immediately it's
strength in numbers.
So one of the best things that
we can do is use sound current.
My guides talk often
about practices
that they call Singing
the Body Electric
or Singing the Bones Electric.
And they say through changing
the harmonic resonance
of our energy field
and our physical body
can create this kind
of ascension protocol
or de-densify this
physical matter.
So harnessing and
using and working
with these extraordinary
sciences around sound resonance
and vibration, I think will
be the medicine of the future.
>>NOORY: Bonni,
somebody watching
you right now is probably
trying to reflect
on their life and their
own Akashic Records.
What is the single
most important thing
they should be doing?
>>MCCLISS: I have
three single things.
I think there are three things
that could change your life.
>>NOORY: What are they?
>>MCCLISS: First, one would be
listening deeply to the world
around you, just taking
moments of completely stopping
in your day and listening
to whatever the birds,
the traffic, the voices.
By doing that, you're
accessing the ultimate presence
of your moment and really
opening that portal
to the Akashic Records.
The second thing that you can
do that would change your life
completely is slow down,
walk slower, speak slower.
The slower that you do
anything, your frequency
rises and expands.
The third thing
that I would suggest
to somebody that wanted
to change their life
or get in this amazing alignment
with the Akashic consciousness
is trust your life.
There are no accidents.
Every moment that you
experience your soul
has put that in front of
you to walk through it.
So don't live in regret.
Try not to stay in a
puddle of shame and guilt
if you can help it.
Everything is by divine
patterning and purpose.
So if you can maybe play
around with those three things,
I guarantee you you will see a
radical adjustment to your life.
>>NOORY: Well said.
How do people get a
hold of you, Bonni?
>>MCCLISS: So they
can contact me
through my site,
psychicbonni.com.
Or they can visit me
at my retreat center,
The Dome in Hot
Springs, Arkansas,
where we use sound
and resonance healing.
And the name of
our retreat center
is called The Legend
of Greater Things.
>>NOORY: Bonni, thanks for
being on "Beyond belief."
>>MCCLISS: Thank
you for having me.
>>NOORY: I can't go
back into the past
and rewrite things
that I've done,
but I can't control my future.
Thanks for watching
"Beyond Belief."
[THEME MUSIC]